Add race condition database task (#13)
kossiitkgp/KOSS-Selection-Tasks: Teaching/database-race-condition.md

# Race Conditions and Deadlocks

## Background

> [Race Condition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_condition) is a common condition in which one dat ais dependent on some other process's response. The same happens in case of database entries. This condition is highly probable to occur such as booking of two tickets for same movie seat. Hence it is very necessary to handle this condition. Deadlocks and concurrency control methods are used to handle inserts and reads in such transactions.

Reviewer: A small typo here  -> `
```suggestion
[Race Condition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_condition) is a common condition in which one data is dependent on some other process's response. The same happens in case of database entries. This condition is highly probable to occur such as booking of two tickets for same movie seat. Hence it is very necessary to handle this condition. Deadlocks and concurrency control methods are used to handle inserts and reads in such transactions.
```

## What you need to do

<div align="justify">

> The candidate needs to make a small presentation of around 8-10 mins (do not exceed 10min) and give the lecture in the next interview to us. The topics that are to be covered are listed below. The interviewee needs to keep in mind that the crowd he will be presenting to, will have mixed people of different knowledge levels, so it is advised that to keep the content balanced for all, touch upon both basics and advanced topics in the domains below.

Reviewer: -  May be we should consider replacing `lecture` with something more apt.
```suggestion
The candidate needs to make a small presentation of around 8-10 mins (do not exceed 10min) and use that presentation during the interview to explain the topics to the interviewers as they would to any general audience. The topics that are to be covered are listed below. The interviewee needs to keep in mind that the crowd he will be presenting to, will have mixed people of different knowledge levels, so it is advised that to keep the content balanced for all, touch upon both basics and advanced topics in the domains below.
```
